Harry felt the first tingle of insect legs skittering across the sweaty skin of his palms. He was going to start to detox soon if he didn't get a dose. The prescription digitablet was in the familiar place by his bed, in a neat stack with his wallet and eyeglasses case, keyring draped smartly over the top. Harry chuckled at the fact that he always seemed to have the presence of mind to keep to his habits even when methadrenol, throbbing through his blood-brain barrier, prevented the formation of long term memory. If he was hurting for a dose this badly he must have slept through Saturday, and a quick glance at his watch confirmed that he had lost 36 hours.

Harry put on his long coat and hat and pulled the collar up. Outside as he walked the narrow street between tenement buildings the air blew alternatively hot and thick, cold and dry, and with any imaginable smell or combination of smells as he ducked under air conditioners, darted past exhaust fans, and passed chinese restaurants and designated 'sanitation' alleys. Rusting fire escapes obscured the sky above, if it was still there, and the lights of a thousand high up tv sets and grow operations formed a new urban starscape.

Striding out onto Selenita Boulevard, Harry made an adjustment to his life-support systems - pulling the handkerchief from his nose, dropping the high collar of his jacket, but donning a set of prescription sunglasses and cheap foam earplugs. Kowloon was a harsh place to live but for the most part it assaulted your senses only one or two at a time. Harry made a fist to crush the an ant or two and strode intently the three blocks to Curare Convenience.

Harry pushed past a trio of Indonesian teenagers arguing with a security robot over the price of orange soda and made his way to the back of the shop. Shonda, the late shift pharmacology assistant met his eye as he turned down the aisle and flashed an exageratted frown.

"Sorry, baby, we shut."
"Shut down? Closed?",  Harry replied.
"We're getting audited. They say we give out too many pills for what the government say the population is here."
"My patients..." Harry paused. He didn't need to lie to Shonda but it was best to keep up appearances in case there was a health department stooge hidden just out of view through the pharmacy window. "Will be very disappointed. Okay. Sorry. Goodbye."

Almost immediately the termite colony started to emerge from Harry's wrists and ankles. The placebo of clinical grade junkie anticipation had worn off. Harry slogged back out of the pharmacy and threw his back against the wet vinyl exterior wall. Drips from a high up air conditioner slapped against his balding scalp and a few beetles emerged to slurp up the moisture. He crossed his arms and legs at the wrists and ankles and rubbed vigourously to think. The club. Harry will go to the club.

The 'nightlife' at Club Bouk Bouk didn't get too crowded until at least 12pm, and Harry thanked god he wouldn't have to scream his beggar's plea to Guan, the assistant manager. In the back alley a teenager had loaded a retro DJ's turntable onto a hand cart and was attempting to ram the clearly too wide load through a narrow door.